so today I have the lk1 gaming keyboard
from Raptor gaming they sent this over
for us to do a quick unboxing and
overview on so Oh English isn't the
first language on the packaging itself
it must be intended for looks like the
German market first okay so the brand
new Raptor gaming lk1 offers you
high-end technology performance and
features an unbelievable price so yes
this is a value gaming keyboard
exchangeable red single buttons and a
water-resistant surface are the
highlights of this feature-packed beast
and fast true highlight is the fast
mover technology it locks removed keys
automatically that secures that you
never press the wrong button even under
the biggest pressure of your opponents
okay
compact and slim gaming keyboard water
resistant structure and low noise typing
and precise button pressure point and
egos technology anti ghost is good
because what that means is that
sometimes when you press certain
combinations of keys you can register
like additional ghost keys at the same
time so it's definitely good that that
doesn't happen because that's very
obnoxious so what do we have here looks
like we've got eight keys that go in
place of the red WASD and the red arrow
keys and that is exactly what we have
and we also get a key remover tool these
are really handy to have just sort of in
general because if you ever have to
clean your keyboard it's really nice to
be able to remove the keys in a way that
doesn't risk damaging them so it's
fairly light very lightweight keyboard
and we don't have much in the way of
sort of different features here so let's
just have a look at the overall layout
one thing that I would prefer to see if
they do sort of our second generation of
this particular product is a full-length
shift key as well as an Enter key that
comes over here it looks like what
they've done is they've actually put in
to backspace keys one here and one here
our backs backspace backs
Lackey's one here and one here the
backspace key is positioned and it's
sort of I would consider correct
location that is a full-length one and
but my my sort of reservations about
that are mostly to do with typing and
less to do with gaming um I guess it's
sort of less offensive when you have
additional buttons available here for
gaming for your WASD although this one I
would have definitely preferred to see
as a full-sized enter so the keys are
definitely very quiet like here I'll put
it next to my SteelSeries 7g for
comparison so I'm just going to kind of
mash a key here and mash a key here so
it's definitely quiet terms of overall
layout what do we got so we got our
little flippy things here we've got one
two three four five rubber grippy feet
on the bottom designed in Germany maybe
China I guess that's why it's intended
for the German market and German webbed
which is the first language on there oh
you know what why don't we show you guys
how to replace the keys on your new
gaming keyboard so you just go like that
you find the correct key in the pile and
then you just push it on so these are
really easy just go like that let's find
the s if you can find it which I'm
having trouble with it's always the last
one you turn over right then you just
put that in position and put don't like
that it uses gold plated USB and it does
have a very flexible braided cord which
is kind of nice because stiff cords can
be a bit of a bear to route so you can
see how how flexible it is okay and I
think that pretty much covers everything
there is to say about the Raptor gaming
keyboard that we have here so thank you
for checking out my unboxing of the lku
one and don't forget to subscribe - tech
tips from more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos